README.md, before:

# Rapid prototyping with Spring Boot and AngularJS
This example demonstrates how **Spring Boot**, **Spring Data JPA** and in the front-end **AngularJS** can be used together to write web applications easily.
In this code example I'm demonstrating this by providing a full CRUD-based web application.

## Frameworks

### Front-end

#### Twitter Bootstrap
For rapidly creating prototypes of a web application, a UI toolkit or library will become really handy. There are many choices available, and for this example I chose Twitter Bootstrap.

#### AngularJS
AngularJS is a MVC based framework for web applications, written in JavaScript. It makes it possible to use the Model-View-Controller pattern on the front-end. It also comes with several additional modules. In this example I'm also using **angular-resource**, which is a simple factory-pattern based module for creating REST clients.

### Back-end

#### Spring Boot
One of the hassles while creating web applications using the Spring Framework is that it involves a lot of configuration. Spring Boot makes it possible to write configuration-less web application because it does a lot for you out of the box.
For example, if you add HSQLDB as a dependency to your application, it will automatically provide a datasource to it.
If you add the spring-boot-starter-web dependency, then you can start writing controllers for creating a web application.

#### Spring Data JPA
Spring Data JPA allows you to create repositories for your data without even having to write a lot of code. The only code you need is a simple interface that extends from another interface and then you're done.
With Spring Boot you can even leave the configuration behind for configuring Spring Data JPA, so now it's even easier.

#### H2 Database
H2 embedded database was used to simplify the task to create and mantain the data storage. 

## Installation
Installation is quite easy, you can run Maven to package the application:
```
mvn clean package
```

Now you can easily start the Java application running the following command:
```
java -jar ./target/pizzeria-1.0.0.jar
```

Commit message:

Updating pom to generate a war file instead of a jar. Updating README file

README.md, after:

# Pizzeria Craft demostration
This example demonstrates how to create a modern web application using newest technologies and frameworks such as **Spring Boot**, **Spring Data JPA** and in the front-end **AngularJS** can be used together to write web applications easily.
In this code example I'm demonstrating this by providing a full CRUD-based web application proposed.

## Frameworks

### Front-end

#### Twitter Bootstrap
For rapidly creating prototypes of a web application, a UI toolkit or library will become really handy. There are many choices available, and for this example I chose Twitter Bootstrap.

#### AngularJS
AngularJS is a MVC based framework for web applications, written in JavaScript. It makes it possible to use the Model-View-Controller pattern on the front-end. It also comes with several additional modules. In this example I'm also using **angular-resource**, which is a simple factory-pattern based module for creating REST clients.

### Back-end

#### Spring Boot
One of the hassles while creating web applications using the Spring Framework is that it involves a lot of configuration. Spring Boot makes it possible to write configuration-less web application because it does a lot for you out of the box.
For example, if you add HSQLDB as a dependency to your application, it will automatically provide a datasource to it.
If you add the spring-boot-starter-web dependency, then you can start writing controllers for creating a web application.

#### Spring Data JPA
Spring Data JPA allows you to create repositories for your data without even having to write a lot of code. The only code you need is a simple interface that extends from another interface and then you're done.
With Spring Boot you can even leave the configuration behind for configuring Spring Data JPA, so now it's even easier.

#### H2 Database
H2 embedded database was used to simplify the task to create and mantain the data storage. 

## Installation
Installation is quite easy, you just need to follow the steps below:

Clone the repository:
```
git clone https://github.com/leandroalves-sc/pizzeria.git
```

Run Maven to package the application from the project base directorty:
```
mvn clean package
```

It will generate a war file that can be runned from command line as below, or also deployed at a web container:
```
java -jar ./target/pizzeria-1.0.0.war
```
